Kid-MUD
=======

_KID is dirty_
_Because he is playing in the MUD_


Project Description
-------------------
A MUD (Multi User Dungeon) is a text- based online game where players 
perform actions by typing them (such as “go north” or “attack goblin”). 
The world is partitioned into zones, and each player exists in one zone 
at any one time, and can move to neighboring zones. Zones can be occupied 
by several players as well as one or more NPC (Non player characters) that 
can be interacted with (e.g. attacked).

Kid-MUD is a Erlang MUD with scalability as a focus. It is currently early in
development.


Who are we?
-----------

Eric Arnerlöv	 <eric.arnerlov.4839@student.uu.se>
Michael Bergroth <michael.bergroth.5739@student.uu.se>
Magnus Lång      <magnus.lang.7837@student.uu.se>
Mikael Wiberg    <mikael.wiberg.6269@studnet.uu.se>


May the source be with you
--------------------------

Everything you need to compile and run the system is included in this
directory. 

However, you might want to get the most up to date version of this
directory. 

To fetch the source code for this project type the following command:

FIRST TIME
$ git clone git://github.com/margnus1/kid-mud.git

AFTERWARS
$ git pull

Dependencies 
------------ 
This software was developed and tested using Erlang R15B01 and Yaws 1.94
     	      	  	    	       
Make it happen
--------------
Using the make utility you can perform the following actions:

make                 ==> Compiles the Erlang source files if necessary. 
make archive         ==> Creates a gziped tar archive of this directory. 
make clean           ==> Removes all beam files and html files generated by Edoc.
make doc             ==> Generates Edoc documentation in the doc/html directory.
make setup	     ==> Performs first-time setup of database
make start_server    ==> Starts the server.
make start_webserver ==> Starts the WebSocket based Yaws interface.
make start_client    ==> Starts the client.
make test            ==> Runs all Eunit tests.


To run and test the server 
--------------------------

To use the MUD, you need to start the server. The server needs a database, so
begin by typing "make setup". This is nessescary only once.
You can then use either the terminal or websocket interfaces
*   If you want to use the terminal interface, you start the server by typing "make start_server".
    To connect to it from another terminal, type "make start_client" and use the supplied command to start a client sesion against the server.
*   If you want to use the WebSocket interface, you start the server by typing "make start_webserver".
    You can then connect to it on adress "http://localhost:8080"

When you have logged in, you can write this, among other things:
go north        ==> Moves to zone adjacent to the north
say Hi!		==> Says Hi! to the other players
attack Peter	==> Attacks Peter
stop   		==> You just wanted to intimidate him, so you stop attacking
logout		==> Peter is mad with you, so you better leave
